Add Fetch Forensics action with unit test in Proofpoint TAP plugin (#958)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: plugins/proofpoint_tap/help.md

### Actions

#### Fetch Forensics

> This action is used to fetch Forensics allows to pull detailed forensic evidences about individual threats or campaigns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action is used to fetch forensic evidence about individual threats or campaigns.
```
